Add Improved Metadata Descriptions to Docs (#1369)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/install-cli.md

sidebar_label: 'Install the CLI'
title: 'Install the Astro CLI'
id: install-cli
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Instructions for installing, upgrading, and uninstalling the Astro command-line interface (CLI). The Astro CLI lets you get started with Apache Airflow quickly and it can be used with all Astronomer products." />

>   <meta name="og:description" content="Instructions for installing, upgrading, and uninstalling the Astro command-line interface (CLI). The Astro CLI lets you get started with Apache Airflow quickly and it can be used with all Astronomer products." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="og:description" content="The Astro CLI helps you get started with writing DAGs and running Apache Airflow on your local machine. Learn how to install, upgrade, and uninstall the Astro CLI. " />
```

Reviewer: Let's replace "command-line interface (CLI)" with just "CLI", because "Astro CLI" is the product name we want to stick in people's heads. We can explain in the docs that "The Astro CLI is a command line interface", but I don't think we should name it without the acronym in these descriptions that appear in searches.

Author: @jwitz - force of habit - I tend to automatically define acronyms on first use. Also, it optimizes search results as users will get hits when searching for CLI, command, command line, and command line interface. No issues removing it.
